Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvon Man
with Annabelle Drooers. Our top stories,
Asian stocks surged to a record, boosted
by solid Wall Street earnings and easing
trade fears.
>> President Trump says he expects to
strike a deal with China, outlining
issues to be discussed next week at a
meeting with Xi Jinping. Critical
minerals will be part of the talks as
the US seeks to reduce its reliance on
Beijing by striking a deal with
Australia.
[Music]
Well, the markets are moving to the
upside this morning. Does really follow
what we had on Wall Street overnight
because we saw solid gains for the S&P
500, also the NASDAQ. So, it seems to be
that theme we had carrying across from
the weekend, easing trade fears perhaps,
even though you saw President Trump
again reiterating that there will be
further tariffs if there isn't a trade
deal by November 1, but still investors
liking any signs of deescalation they're
seeing between Washington and Beijing.
The other part of the picture as well is
definitely corporate earnings because
out of the 85% of companies or 85% of
the companies that have reported so far
have posted earnings beats this was a
very very critical earnings season
really giving indications on the health
of the US economy the health of the US
consumer as well. So that again plays
into the picture today again upside here
across the screen some of the individual
themes we're watching where you can see
the nicke there advancing more than 1%
or 1.2% in the green today. We have had
reports locally that Japan's Ishapa
cabinet has resigned on mass. So it does
mark an end to the administration that
took to office just over a year ago. But
again, investors liking the signs that
we're getting a little bit more
political clarity in Japan as well. In
terms of what else we're tracking, the
story around Apple is going to be very
closely watched today. You're seeing the
Taiwan stock exchange has come online
610 of a percent to the upside, but Han
high here you can see posting some solid
gains in the session so far. This is
actually a fresh record high for the
stock this morning. It is of course
we're seeing stronger sales coming
through for Apple's latest iPhone range
and and Apple itself just posted its
first fresh record high of the year. But
let's shift on take a look at the other
big story in the session today and this
relates to what's happening between
Australia and also the US because
President or Prime Minister Anthony
Albania has traveled to meet with
President Trump in the US and they've
signed a deal essentially for Australia
to be boosting its its supply of
critical rare earth minerals to the US.
Off the back of that, we've seen again
some some upside in some of these names
this morning. What else we're tracking
of course is is the outlook for the
China open the day and we're sort of
seeing yes a bit more positivity here.
It is an interesting story though in
China because at the same time that
you've seen that optimism around AI kind
of come down a little bit it has been
that playing to dividends as well and
that does also tell you investors might
still be a little bit wary about where
that trade relationship goes.
>> Yeah I mean given what we saw right but
you know this rotation into some of the
value plays that has been something that
we've been tracking for the last few
sessions as well but we'll see. I mean
the tech rebound we saw yesterday was
quite enormous as well. So certainly
that's one thing to watch here. You take
a look at what it comes to what we heard
from the president. Uh Trump did mention
in this interview about specific items I
think that he wants to discuss with Xi
Jinping. Everything from rare earth,
fentinel, soybeans and Taiwan as the top
issues that he wants to deal with when
it comes to Beijing. and he's expressing
optimism about a trade deal coming out
of his meeting next week with uh when he
talks about these impending meeting with
Xi Jinping.
>> I expect we'll probably work out a very
fair deal with uh President Xi of China.
So, uh most of you will be with us. It's
going to be very exciting and I think
we're going to work out something that's
good for both countries.
And so, you know, the chances of a of of
a trade deal or some kind of big grand
bargain is certainly one thing that
we're tracking. I think you take a look
at some of the betting markets like poly
market. You know, I think those odds
have come down just a little bit just
given know what he's listed are pretty
pretty controversial topics and
sensitive topics too.
>> Yeah, I think fentinel is sort of seen
as one of the the the ways that you
could strike a bargain. Of course, the
push from the US is that they want to to
limit some of the key chemicals that are
used for instance in the manufacturing
of fentinel. China though will say this
is an issue that that the US also needs
to deal with domestically. But fentinil
kind of stands out. Soybeans of course
this is a big pressure point because
China was buying up until last year.
They've completely pulled back this year
and and of course soybean farmers in the
US are also affected by the US
government shutdown. They're stopped
from getting aid right now.
>> Right. And I think for now at least you
are starting to hear that at least both
sides really are willing to talk. Right.
I think that's enough for markets where
you start to see, you know, records
really hit, right? Whether it was Korea,
whether it was Japan, even India uh is
getting close to those near record highs
here. Taiwan, you know, just coming
online back again also hit a record. So,
this everything rally seems to have a
bit more momentum and now people are
saying, look, maybe this is the start of
that sort of Santa Claus rally now for
risk assets.
>> Yeah. And just also that that point
around rare earth as well. know this is
a big one because is the US going to be
getting together with allies around the
world essentially to to push back on on
China's efforts to restrict the supply.
But on that point, Washington has now
signed an agreement with Australia to
boost access to critical minerals and
rare earths. As we said, the US is
looking to reduce its reliance on
Chinese supplies. Bloomberg's Paul Allen
is with us. So Paul, it's it's a very
significant deal, at least from the
Australian perspective, but tell us
exactly what it entails.
Yeah, significant from the US
perspective as well because as you're
discussing there, it really does help
the US break this uh chokeold that China
has on global rare earth supply. So, a
lot of speculation about what this deal
might look like going into this meeting.
Well, now we have the detail. A billion
dollars of initial spending over the
first 6 months and that will build uh to
8.5 billion with a number of projects in
the pipeline. Now, there are two
projects that already have financial
commitments. One is the gallium recovery
project in Western Australia. The
Pentagon and Japan are both helping fund
that as well and that would provide 10%
of global gallium supply and this is
used in semiconductors. The other is the
Arafora Noland project in the Northern
Territory of Australia. This is the
mining and processing of neodymium and
precedmium. Both of these metals are
used in the powerful magnets that we
often talk about that are required for
electric vehicles, military applications
as well. Now, if you bought Arafura
shares at the start of the year, well
done you. They're up about 400% year to
date and got another pop today off the
back of this announcement. And President
Trump when he was signing this agreement
says in one year we'll have so much
critical minerals we won't know what to
do with them. So, you can debate the
optimism of that statement, but
certainly the rhetoric behind it uh says
a lot about the intent here.
and whatever the security sort of
alliances, right? President Trump also
reaffirmed support for the AUS Defense
Pact. What did he say about that?
>> Yeah, this has come as a huge relief to
Australia because uh the Pentagon had
been conducting a review into the Orcus
pact and of course the Trump
administration being not having a
reputation but being unpredictable.
Nobody really knew what was going to
happen here and Australia is relying on
this to give it the next generation of
submarines when its current fleet is
retired. So, President Trump expressing
commitment to that deal. The US
Secretary of the Navy said, "Look, that
review is just to deal with ambiguities
and improve the framework." But the
president saying that this is full steam
ahead. He said it was going too slowly
and he praised the investments made by
Australia so far. So, all in all, looks
like a very successful visit for Prime
Minister Albanesei to Washington and
President Trump also praising the prime
minister, calling him a great PM.
That was Bloomberg's Paul Allen there in
Sydney. And we're going to have more uh
on Australia's economy in the coming
hours as well because Treasurer Jim
Charas will be joining insight with Hass
Lindra Min. That's live at 11:30 a.m. in
Hong Kong 2:30 p.m. if you're watching
from Sydney. All right, let's bring in
Winnie Wa head of APAC equity strategy
at BFA Securities. She joins us here.
Winnie, it's good to see you. I mean,
you're talking about Chinese markets
that, you know, seem to be getting a bit
more, I guess, of a mojo given that the
trade relations seem to be cooling down.
It looks like this meeting with Trump
and she are going to be underway in in
South Korea. Can we continue to be risk
on?
>> Um so our advice has been stay risk on
till end of October for these two major
event right or catalyst. One is this
week's fourth platinum together with
China's 15th five-year planning and then
second apparently is the Apac meeting
and the potential US China discussion on
trade truths or some sort of deal. Um
until then you know we can stay risk on
and after that market probably want to
re-evaluate. Yeah.
>> What sort of uh odds then are you
ascribing to to some sort of trade deal
being struck then at APEC and and how
significant is that going to be for
sentiment as well?
>> Yeah I think currently marketbased case
is President X and Trump will meet that
the 100% additional tariff will not be
imposed. uh I don't think there's very
high expectation on a grand deal but at
least sort of maintain the engagement
maintain the negotiation and maintain
status title kind of the status quo um
now having said that that's very much
what's priced in right interestingly um
a week ago when the China escalation
first came out that weekend uh all the
requests I got from investors were time
to bottom fish what to buy right so when
this round we saw the trade the
escalation of trade tension people were
looking into the April playbook and
thinking hey this is buying on the dip
opportunity but as a result market
actually didn't correct much uh which
means that currently market are not
overly worried about um you know sort of
decoupling or or massive escalation but
having said that you know um despite the
the the near-term negotiations there are
some increasing concern about the
long-term decoupling that With China's
localization, domestic development of
chips, semiconductors, with US and ally
building up the rare earth critical
mineral supply chains, it is positioned
for a more potential long-term
decoupling.
>> Yeah.
>> Everyone's talking about the the next
catalyst as the plenum as you mentioned.
Everything from AI, anti-evolution,
uh consumption, you know, what do you
think is going to be driving markets the
most and what do you want to hear?
>> Yeah. Um I think currently market focus
are probably in terms of the economic
policy are probably mainly two things.
One is to see if there are any big
direction moves to boost the consumption
as percentage of the econ economy in
terms of the mix and the growth drivers,
right? And what are the specific
policies to release all these excess
household savings, right? So along those
lines, people looking at the reform of
the HUKO residential rights system,
potentially providing better social
security support for the rural household
so that the excess savings can be
released. Um on the other side is also
along the lines of you know China's
strategy of this new productive forces
essentially the advanced manufacturing
AI technology is China going to double
down right it seems to be have making
great progresses so are there going to
be more investment capex along the lines
of like AI data centers power grid uh
power storage so that's also something
people looking at um anti-evolution I
think people are watching if there's any
specific development because so far it
seems that the policy is very much
market driven industry work it out. It's
a lot of more you know window guidance
rather than hard target. So even though
she stock market has respon responded
very positively investor conviction
remains relatively low in terms of
whether that's really enough to drive
the capacity reduction and earnings
turnaround. So then how exactly are you
positioning given you've got so many
different directions it can take?
>> Yeah. Um from recent discussion with
investor what we found is the emerging
market lonely investor have already
positioned for China right everyone
>> already overweight
>> already yeah already so in both Europe
Singapore Hong Kong I think the EM
investors are either neutral or
overweight on China already even the
long-term bayers some of the investors
we've known for long time right always
very skeptical on China they said I'm
neutral on China even though I still
don't like the latest economic numbers
I'm neutral already. So to some extent
the pain trade already happened and and
I think that's partly because within EM
universe China and India are the two
largest components and given India's end
performance against China over the past
12 15 months people have investor have
to make that adjustment. So the paint
trade kind of happened already. But
having said that many global fund right
the big US global fund they are still
very have very low position on China
whether it's the the the general global
fund or some of the global uh industry
sector special fund. So so like you know
this time in Europe we met with global
financial specialists some of the global
tax specialist they very much missed the
ch China rally partly because US was
still doing very well. Europe this year
did very well as well. So, so you know I
think the next wave if there's next wave
are incremental buying they need to come
from the the global lonely guys. Okay,
Winnie, we have more with Winnie Woo
there, a head of APAC equity strategist
of BOFA securities. And still ahead,
we're speak with China Great Wall
Securities as well joining us with their
insights when it comes to CL's third
quarter results. The battery maker
reported a 41% rise in profit. Yung May
joins us here in just a few moments. And
we are counting down the open of trade
in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. I
believe it's still a T3 here in the
city. Kindergartens has been suspended
here this morning, but futures are
pointing up. Not much you're seeing out
there. Clear skies for now. This is a
China show.
[Music]
Just under 15 minutes away from the open
in mainland China, Hong Kong. You're
seeing futures here pointing to some
further gains for for Chinese equity
markets today. The big story though is
is also in the tech space today because
we had Apple reaching a fresh record
high on the last session. Uh strong
iPhone sales it seems. So, we're
definitely seeing better results uh so
far for the latest iPhone compared to a
year ago. And that's also playing into
to the tech heavy indexes like Taiwan,
the Cosby, for instance. But Honigh at a
fresh record high.
>> Yeah. Uh continue to see right this this
everything goes right now. I mean, gold
prices went back to all-time highs here
as well. So the other big rally
>> the other big rally that we've been
talking about really that correlation
that negative correlation between the
dollar even to stocks is really kind of
just faded for the last few weeks and so
take a look when it comes to your rem
though seeing a little bit of strength
here we're at 712 just sub 712 here
after another strong fixing from the
PBOC here today still with us though uh
is Winnie Woo head of APAC equity
strategy at BA securities uh you talk
about leadership right we mentioned
materials healthcare communication
services that were some of the
outperformers in the last month, but
there has been this kind of market
rotation into the value sector. Do you
think that can last?
>> Yeah, I think for the past week or so
since the reescalation of the US China
tension, uh, I've got more inquiries
about buying banks. I've got more
questions about consumer stocks because
the fact is with this year's rally, a
lot of investors are sitting on very
good profit, right? Some of the tech mid
small cap stocks have done exceptionally
well and it's close to year end. So
people are unwilling to to take
excessive risk you know at this close to
the year end. So we see some people
start to trimming the stocks that they
already done very well and rotating into
more of the defensive sectors. So in our
fourth quarter strategy we also
downgraded moved the u the e-commerce
sector out of the top 10 preferred list.
uh we would say that you know
potentially consider adding some of the
financials dividend yield and in our
marketing with the European and
Singapore long investor they are more
inclined to add the traditional
consumption stocks uh as a incremental
position partly because those have lag
have been lag and uh and it's not
crowded the valuation is cheap and if
the stock market rally is creating any
positive wealthy effect into driving
consumption recovery then hopefully it
will help the earnings of these
traditional consumption stocks. Also the
other hope is that you know with the the
the four 15 plan 15year plan um if
government come up with more policy to
support consumption these stocks will
benefit as well.
>> That all makes sense and and I think
there's we were talking in our story at
Bloomberg. Yeah. You've got sort of that
shift into defensive on on the trade
tensions and also that seasonality
factor you mentioning as well. It can
shift though quickly sentiment. So do
you see any rotation back into AI stocks
or that tech story again?
>> Yeah, I mean I think within the region
people generally see or even among
global investor people generally see AI
as a multi-year long-term story. So
within the region this year, you know
the outperforming sectors or market like
Japan, Korea, China, they generally have
a strong AI story, right? And people
expect the AI capex cycle to continue
having momentum over the next five years
you know and and some of the related
sector whether it's like humanoid
robotics autonomous driving defense ship
building people think those are
multi-year trends so you know I think uh
for the tech related sector well they
might have a short-term pullback partly
because they run too hard some of
valuation especially for the Chinese AI
stocks have become very expensive we're
looking at like 300 100 400 type of PE
the PE type of multiple for certain
stocks. Um but I think these are areas
people continue to doing more work on
and looking for opportunities to buy on
the dips.
>> Tell talk to me about anti-involution
because it was interesting in the data
yesterday that you know industrial
production was still quite robust
despite these sort of campaign but then
you're seeing an investment really being
weighed on on anti-evolution. How are
you seeing that playing out in the
equity market here so far? And where are
you seeing the most sort of price action
due to this sort of campaign?
>> Yeah, interestingly, you know, 10 years
ago in 2015 when China talk about supply
side reform, market reaction initially
was very negative. Yeah. Because when
you think about cutting capacity,
cutting production, it would have
negative impact in terms of production
activities, investment, the jobs and
banking sector NPLs. So market actually
dropped like 20 30% initially and then
have the big rebound as you know we see
the pains being absorbed and and we see
PPI turning around but this time around
I think partly because of the already
low valuation of some of these like
material related stocks and partly
because of the general confidence on the
economy on the policy effectiveness
market kind of jump the woriness phase
and go directly into law these stocks.
uh which apparently you know is pricing
in for expectations already now and we
are still concerned that yes this
momentum can continue and people willing
to believe that this will turn around
this will deliver and people are
watching the PPI numbers corporate
margins very closely um but I think if
you know at this high valuation um
fundamental doesn't catch up then
there's certainly the risk of pullback
correction
>> and when would you when would you see
that happening we had the the economy
for instance growing at the slow slowest
pace in a year. So so when when does the
reality kind of set in?
>> I I I I think it's also compared to
expectations you know compared to the
previous expectation I would say trade
and economy are probably doing better
than what people expected in April May
right because back then markets some
economies were worrying about uh off the
cliff type of deceleration in trade and
GDP which didn't happen. Yeah.
>> Okay. holding up better than expected
relative. As you said, it's all about
what investors are thinking versus the
reality. But that was Winnie Woo there,
head of APAC equity strategy at BOFA,
BOFA securities rather, taking a look as
well. We are 7 minutes away from the
open in Hong Kong, mainland China this
morning. And again, pointing to some
upside here. Going to be really watching
that tech sector very closely today,
giving you Apple hitting a fresh record
high, but strong gains we're seeing as
well for Taiwan and Korea so far this
morning. We'll have more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some stocks to watch at the open here
today. So, CL obviously there you go.
We're up about 3% in the eight shares
here right now on the back of those
pretty robust earnings that we got here
as well. So, that jump in third quarter
profit. Obviously, we're focusing on
really this overseas expansion efforts
there as well with that stock. And we
actually have seen that, you know, when
it comes to renewed trade tensions that
was it did weigh a little bit on the
stock here today, but looks like right
now we're getting a bit more of a
recharge over the stock overall. And
we're watching very closely here uh JL
Mag Rare Earth. So, some of these rare
earth stocks given this deal that seems
to be set between the US and Australia
as well. But yes, also profit came out
there more than doubling year for the
third quarter here. We're seeing the
shares up about 9/10 of 1%. Uh trading
debut here in Hong Kong today. We're
talking about JST Group. They're talking
about cloud services and the like up
about 24%. So a good first day of school
for that one. Gold stocks as well. Still
watching the miners given we hit another
record here once again when it comes to
the precious metal. There you go. Shaong
gold up some 2 and a.5%. And of course
the Apple suppliers, right? So you've
been focusing on a little bit more on uh
you know the likes of Apple hitting an
all-time high once again. There you go.
seen that trickle effect here when it
comes to some suppliers here. They'll be
watching the China show. The open is
next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show this morning. Counting down to the
open of markets and we're expecting some
upside. So, it it does track what we had
on Wall Street overnight because we had
optimism around signs of easing in the
US China trade relationship. US
corporate earnings as well have been a
really big factor. But it's not just US
corporate earnings. Of course, names
like CL are going to be playing into
sentiment in Hong Kong today. Yeah, that
jump in profit in the third quarter and
obviously when it came to the guidance
say you know BI was saying that it looks
pretty robust here as we countd down to
the rest of the year and obviously
there's a lot of focus on this overseas
expansion plans as well especially when
it likes to Europe and really how it's
being dealing with the you know US and
China flare up in tensions of late right
so certainly that's one thing to watch
when it comes to CL but yes uh we are
continuing to see an up arrow story when
it comes to risk assets here in the
region you talk about Japan you talk
about Taiwan you talk about Korea
hitting records uh India even which has
been the underperformer all year also
near uh their own records here as well.
So certainly that's one thing to watch
here that you know this everything rally
still has another day it seems. So CSI
300 there you go onore markets are doing
quite well. We're up 4/10en of 1% here
we're focusing on there you go CLA a
shares we're up about close to 2% here
at the get-go. So certainly what's one
to watch. The likes of Crican Tech
though still focusing on the tech space
uh the chip space I should say. Uh we're
just blarly flat when it comes to that
stock in particular here. You flip the
boards and talk a little bit more about
what happened in Hong Kong yesterday.
today. I mean, obviously, it was this
big rebound in tech after this kind of
flare up in tensions between the US and
China. Took a little bit of a step back
here. Once again, we're hearing from
President Trump in an interview talking
about the issues he wants to talk to
President Xi about and it's everything
from fentinel, everything from soybeans,
everything from Taiwan, quite divisive
sort of issues, right? So, what does
that lead in terms of uh whether we're
going to get some sort of grand trade
deal at the end of of APEC and South
Korea? So, certainly that's one thing,
but then again, markets are still quite
optimistic, right? HS Techch, we're up
one and a half% here right now. And
you're seeing the likes of Alibaba once
again up some 3%. We're inching close to
around 167 bucks here right now for the
stock. Uh BU as well. So the AI darlings
seem to be doing quite well. Xiaomi also
doing pretty good here. 10-centent up uh
about 1% or so. So there you go. Tech is
once again catching a bid here. Uh we're
seeing most sectors are mostly in the in
the green here. And take a look on the
strength in the currency as well. We're
hovering around that 712 handle. But it
was another uh fix here that was below
that sort of 710 handle. So once again,
you are seeing a bit of an anchoring of
the currency uh from the PBOC here
today. In terms of what to watch, of
course, rare earth is certainly front
and center here. when you talk about
this trade deal uh and this deal with
the US and Australia that was signed
overnight as well obviously could be a
good deal for Australia but also as
these both nations tried to reduce or at
least the US tries to reduce its
reliance uh on China when it comes to
the critical minerals you are seeing
some of these uh domestic plays here
actually fall on the back of that news
here so you are seeing the likes of uh
Midmetal rare earths and as well as
China northern rare earths are lower
here this morning as well Apple
suppliers that's interesting right
because we were talking about Apple sort
of the underperformer, a high-profile
underperformer among the Mag 7 finally
catching up here and we hit all-time
records here. So, there was all this
kind of talk about the iPhone 17 and you
know this long anticipated upgrade cycle
seems to be underway here right now,
Bill.
>> Yeah, I mean it it's been an interesting
story for Apple because they were really
perceived as being the lagards in the AI
space and that was what led to as well
that the underperformance of sales of
iPhone 16. But we're speaking with a lot
of different analysts and they're saying
that that long awaited upgrade cycle
could actually be starting to bear
fruit. So you've seen the Apple stock
gaining around 50% from its year-to-
date lows. Uh very exceptional run for
that company and again you can see it
playing out here today because we've got
names like Honai for instance. It's
already hitting a fresh record high but
some of its suppliers in China doing
very well today as well.
>> They've actually been rallying quite a
bit even before this what happened with
Apple overnight. So certainly they've
been kind of uh foreseeing it in some
ways given some of the research that
we've seen. Sales in US and China have
been quite robust around the iPhone 17
the first 10 days of sales. So certainly
that sends uh more optimistic signs
around that sort of series. Uh CL that's
the one to watch here today. So
obviously they've been talking about
this 41% jump in profit here as they
took take a look at this overseas push
that continues as well of course as this
competition in China intensifies here.
Uh so certainly we we'll see obviously
with the mine suspension and you know
what could happen there. Uh that has
been a big big mover in terms of lithium
prices. Uh do we expect you know CL to
get that mining permit? When do things
actually start to operate of that mine?
That certainly is going to be a lot of
questions we can ask our next guest Bel.
>> Yeah that's right. Let's actually get to
to our next guest that's you may EV and
lithium ion battery analysts at China
Great Wall Securities. So we just saw
there that that maybe a bit of
divergence between the eight eight
shares but overall we're seeing both in
the green. We can get to that divergence
in a moment. What do you make of those
results that we got and what stood out
to you in particular?
>> Uh as we can see now the AH premium um
the distance between the price is
narrowing because we have to face uh
different valuation models. For the HK
investors they are facing in a month the
cornerstone investors they can go freely
with their money in one month. But for
the a shell investors, they just got
some good news for the uh quarterly
earnings and plus that the uh company
just finished the uh the minimum amount
of the repurchase and the maximum is $8
billion uh 18 billion R&B. So uh there
is another 40 billion R&B to go. So uh
we can say there is a floor price for
the Asial market for the CTL but uh on
the contrary the HK investors are facing
the cornerstone investors and some uh
institutional investors we can see from
the uh price price curve recently they
may took the uh profit already and they
want to avoid the risk when uh 90th
November the corner stones they will not
stay uh too much on the market and
>> I'm looking at the age I mean the stock
has mostly doubled right of late PE of
34 times yeah
>> in the eight share market do you think
that's still cheap
>> I think um for me I'm an industry
analyst I always think should get more
and like the IPO day I I just
communicate with your uh colleague that
I think is a investing stock, not a
trading stock. But I have to say and
this month the we have a trading point,
a good window, a good window for the HK
uh investors to trade the uh SAT stocks
at the moment and we can see today the
price actually the HK uh price is still
better than HL. I guess the earnings
driving the upward trend again.
>> Sure.
looking at as an investment stock I I
guess also means looking at the
long-term story of course for the
company and what does that mean to you
now because I think there's a big
question mark they need that that global
expansion but you haven't seen really
huge EV sales there either how important
is AI for the company
>> I just uh it's a very good question AI
is booming and we should say that uh not
all the investors can get their money
back through AI I uh investment because
it's like many many startup apps but all
the aid the AI data center they need the
energy storage facilities so that the
CTL may be the best shaft sellers in the
world so they can benefit the most from
this trend and they have uh Germany
factory and the Spain factory is coming
and the Indonesia factory is coming as
well. So uh we should also notice that
there are new regulation policies from
China to regulate the um some uh making
machines and rough materials related to
the lithium battery industry and uh uh
the or the companies who has more OSS
factories can greatly benefit from that
policy.
>> Yeah. I mean, before it used to be about
tracking EV demand and now you're
hearing this whole buzz word, right, of
energy storage
>> and it was clearly becoming a a way to
kind of drive the stock.
>> In terms of earnings, I mean, this whole
ESS demand, how do you see that boosting
the bottom line now for CL? Uh it's
worth not it's worth noting that the
inventory is very high at the moment and
the same time the inventory day is
historically low and when we look at the
two figures together which proves that
the water is coming and the water is
real. So that's why they achieve uh
historically high uh night profit and
the net profit for the energy uh storage
battery uh the gross margin the the
gross um margin part for the uh EV is
lower than the energy storage battery at
the moment but in the past like you said
when EA drives the demand it's the
different story
>> just on that EV demand do we need to be
concerned that that China has lost some
market or CL has lost some market share
in China
>> definitely and uh I think um it's not a
a bad thing because you see the uh price
war we we see the price war for like
almost three years so cheap the car so
cheap and the battery makes uh the real
problem for many uh battery companies to
survive and nowadays we of the anti-
evvolution
anti-olution policy and the same tie. So
in the coming days I'm very optimistics
to see CTL to get back the market share
because when the bottom line is set the
other battery companies will not be
allowed to sell cheap cheap cars again
and I think the regulation uh the
overseas regulation policy for the this
muon battery uh industry is not like the
rail earth. Uh so many clients asking me
if the this m battery will used as a um
a ace
card like the rail earth for the US
China trade trade negotiation.
>> Oh interesting like negotiating tool.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. like negotiating tour
but I I don't think so because it's like
they control more about the machine
which can make the uh lithium battery
instead of the final products like the
real earth and the industrial barrier
for lithium batteries not as high as the
real earth. Many countries can make
lithiumion batteries but they just can't
make it a profitable products and uh
this is the um strongest part for CL
they can massively product high quality
products worldwide with cons with a
reasonable price and they get themsel a
satisfying uh night profit. Yeah,
>> I hear what you're saying. It's
interesting though when it comes to this
stock though. I mean there's always been
concern particularly from foreign
investors about geopolitical tensions.
>> Uh the the potential for restrictions on
Chinese technology in the US and Europe
as well,
>> you know, can can overseas expansion be
a key earnings driver then in the future
over over what we're seeing domestically
in China as as competition there
intensifies?
I think it uh I think you are totally
right because I did some little little
field of research with all the
lithiumion batteries mainly in China and
they told me at least they needed to
spend three weeks to file the new
document and if you have enough overseas
factories you don't have to do that and
so uh for the regulation part the
production and the sailing process they
all uh they were delayed by the
regulatoratory
policy in reality. So that's a very
strong drive for uh international buyers
to buy CTL because they just have the a
very good Germany factory know that such
a long tie three weeks at least
>> but I think to Ivon's point that do you
need to be concerned about potential
push back from places where CL is
looking to expand because there is that
risk that that that China is exporting
its excess capacity it's cutting into
the industrial base in Europe in
particular, where do you see that
political blowback happening and how
much of a concern is it? I think it's
very very uh
it's a very good question and I would
like to compel and listen battery to the
um solar PV you know back days solar PV
industry in China they are seriously
fight in Europe and in USA just like you
discussed and nowadays I think just uh
the regulatory policy to some extent is
overseas
version of the anti- evvolution because
the regulation policy they want to
control will uh the companies will sell
their products and uh who they will sell
the products to and at what price and
it's a price flaw. So um I think the one
of the main reason they want to give the
regulatory policy on all those companies
because we can see in China the lithium
battery companies are um except CTL they
sell their products very very cheap
during the last two years and it's not a
good thing and the Chinese government do
not want to say they do it again in
Europe or US and and we get FS, we get
some bad influence
get.
>> Last question. What is ZTL's influence
when it comes to the price of lithium?
Right, we saw that mine suspension just
a few weeks ago that was able to kind of
push up prices of lithium and the
fluctuations that you know obviously
we're still waiting for maybe more signs
of when this this mine can actually
restart, but how do you see that
influencing the price of lithium moving
forward? I don't think it will influence
the price as as much as um in the 2021
because now the penetration rate of the
EV in China is over 50%.
>> And the whole market is only one. So you
cannot double more than 50%. And when we
saw the price go up up it's in the 2021
and the penetration rate is only 20%.
It's a totally different uh story but I
will call the futures for the ismium
carbonate when US or EU the penetration
rate go up up and we'll quote that.
>> Okay you may thank you Eevee and lithium
ion battery analyst at China Great Wall
Securities. Uh just want to do a quick
recap of some of the latest corporate
stories out there of China as well.
We're talking about rare earths. JLM mag
rare earth reported that its first
quarter profit more than doubled to over
200 million remn revenue for the third
month period rose by 13%. Now
year-to-ate net income increased
approximately 160% year-on-year reaching
more than half a billion remmbb. China
Mobile announced that income for the
nine months ending in September rose by
4% to 115 million remmbb operating
revenue remained flat at just under 800
billion yen. Tech firm iFlytech as well
is saying his third quarter profit more
than tripled to 172 million yen revenue
for the same period rose by 10%. The
company specializes in speech
intelligence and AI technology. We got
plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, China's property sector might be
in for more pain with international
investors looking to offset their
holdings at steep losses. They've
invested some $140 billion into Chinese
commercial real estate over the last 15
years. But now a glide is causing rents
to fall and many property values to
slide. Office vacancies in major Chinese
metropolitan cities are now among the
world's highest. Let's get more on this
now with our Asia investing and finance
editor Russell World who joins us from
Tokyo for more on today's Bloomberg big
take. So Russell, it's a really great
piece and it really sets out in detail
exactly where things have gone so wrong.
But but tell us about the commercial
real estate slump in China and exactly
how bad it is as well.
>> Morning Annabelle. Yeah, I mean in China
obviously the uh the housing meltdown um
has been taking all the headlines that's
been very well documented in recent
years in China but perhaps what is less
known is also a similar sort of boom and
bust cycle that we've seen in the
commercial real estate sector. So uh
income and valuations on assets ranging
from you know offices to warehouses to
shopping malls and hotels have all been
plunged have all plunged in recent
years. Um and that's really bad news
obviously for the foreign investors um
that have put in about $140 billion uh
in these uh in this sector um uh in the
past 15 years and it's also bad for the
banks that um have these assets as
collateral. So now it's reaching the
point where there seems to be sort of no
end in sight. Uh and so uh some of these
investors are are looking to you know
sort of cash out and um you know um lick
their wounds and and realize some of
these losses.
>> Yeah. Uh certainly is licking wounds as
you say. So in terms of sectors which
have been some of the worst hits so far?
>> Yeah. Perhaps the most surprising one is
the office sector. Um you know obviously
uh worldwide uh after the p during the
pandemic um you know office uh officers
plunged in valuation um because of the
pandemic and because of the work from
home trend but um it was surprising to
find out that um in China office
vacancies are among the highest in the
world even in Shanghai you know this um
u financial hub there uh vacancies are
more than 20%. So, you know, we're just
seeing this huge uh excess of supply
that's going to take years to run
through in the office sector and that's
resulting into in a lot of pain for
investors.
>> Yeah, there was a really great chart you
had in the piece as well. Wuhan's office
vacancy rate for 2024 at 43%. So, who
are the big investors that are getting
stuck in these deals as well?
>> So, the story uh highlights a few cases.
Uh one involves uh Oak Tree. Uh that's
the famous uh uh distressed investment
uh distressed debt uh specialist uh that
um uh lent money to Everrand uh before
Everrand defaulted. Then of course
Everrand defaulted on this loan. And so
um Oak Tree has been saddled with this
uh sprawling uh hotel uh and uh
apartment complex that and and it's sort
of unable to sell this or unwilling to
sell this at this point. So um it's sort
of in some ways gotten into the
construction industry uh finishing a lot
of these apartments and also getting
into the hospitality industry by uh
running these hotels that are are seeing
you know not that many tourists come
through. So that was one example.
Another example was um Carlile uh uh
sold a office tower uh in Shanghai that
it had spent years renovating at um just
over half the price. Uh and then another
example that we cite in the story
involves uh Black Rockck which um uh
missed some loan payments on um some
office towers uh in Shanghai as well uh
and um you know had to take equity
losses on its ownership in that property
um and then the banks that had extended
the loan also uh couldn't recover the
full value of the loan. So they uh
booked losses on that as well. So those
are just some examples that we cite uh
in the story and uh we're likely to see
you know more more to come.
Yeah, uh difficult market of course uh
it seems. Russell, thank you for
bringing us that big tape. Of course,
you can read that piece today on China's
property sector on the terminal. There's
also on our website bloomberg.com.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Taking a look at markets this morning,
we are seeing shares of Way Mob here
rising pretty significantly, but it's
just announced that it's in business
cooperation with Doí. Uh, so China's
version of Tik Tok, but essentially Way
Mob, a Chinese software as a service
development provider. So that's that
stock there. Also a trading debut for
for JST. This is another tech focused
company this morning, but has had a very
strong start to the session there. gains
of 20% and it is that story around tech
in general that that's moving higher
across the board because we're taking a
look at the likes of Billy Billy Sunny
Optical SMIC Xpong. I mean some of this
is is down to the Apple story of course
particularly names like Sunny Optical uh
that the supply into it because we saw
Apple hitting a fresh record. It's its
first fresh record for 2025. Yep. And
we're watching Vietnam markets. They
open up in just a few minutes as well.
What was pretty brutal sell-off
yesterday, right? Tumbled most in 6
months. there was renewed concerns about
tighter scrutiny when it comes to
corporate bond issuance. So some credit
concerns there. Uh so there is some
concern maybe now uh that this could
freeze credit and really weigh on growth
for the country as well. So this is
after they heard from regulators about
this inspection of 67 bond issuers which
highlighted various violations. So that
you know really did sap investor
sentiment here yesterday. We're down
about 5% yesterday uh in the last two
days or so. Uh much more in the next
hour. You're watching the China Show.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China Show. Here's a
look at the HSI a half hour into the
session. It continues to be a good day
if you're long this market. We're up 1
and a half% here right now. H shares are
up about 150 points and HStech is now in
the green once again. So there you go,
another day of risk takingaking really
when it comes to you know optimism
around whether trade tensions and the
like seems to be cooling down a bit. You
also talk about you know everything
rally right when you talk about when
Japan, Taiwan, Korea are reaching
records. MXAP now is now at those record
levels as well.
>> Yeah, fresh record for the MEI Asia
Pacific index this morning. I think also
the big story that's playing into it as
well is the corporate earnings that we
got in the US because there was so much
anticipation ahead of these numbers if
they weren't good it was really going to
be testing investor enthusiasm but
actually out of the companies that have
reported so far 85% of them have
surprise to the upside so that does set
a positive tone that again translates
from Wall Street into the Asian session
today as you said it's really that story
around tech as well you can see those
tech heavy gauges the likes of the Cosby
for instance Taiwan but pushing to
highest because we had Apple hitting a
fresh record. It's first for 2025 and
the Inik as well. They're really the
standout, but that's more of the
political story as well because you got
more clarity around Takahuchi's path
forward in the country. Yeah. And you
know, we're starting to get a little bit
more, you know, signs of what this
cabinet is going to look like as well.
We've been talking about uh Sasuki
Kadyama possibly being tapped as finance
minister. So, we'll get a little bit
more clues in the next few hours or so
of what this sort of government is going
to look like under Takichi. But that
Takichi trade seems to be underway here
as well. Nic 225 up one and a half% here
as well. But yes, it seems like at least
Japan that story is still continuing.
You have the US and China sort of
negotiations and the like. Uh and
President Trump really kind of
highlighting I guess listing out some of
the issues that he wants to discuss with
President Xi uh in the next meeting
there in in in South Korea. So
everything from rare earth, soybeans, uh
you know, fentinel and the like and and
really the quite divisive issues, right?
But then again, he's still thinking that
things could be on track really then and
that's enough for equity markets to
continue to go. Yeah, that's what they
really seem to be clinging to because
even though he vowed that he would be
looking at further tariffs or
implementing further tariffs if there
isn't a deal come November 1, uh traders
do like this what he also said over the
weekend or going into the weekend which
was that the the current or the proposed
high tariff rates are also
unsustainable. So that recognition I
guess coming from Washington as well.
But let's get more on the market
outlook. I bring in Bloomberg Mife
strategist Mark Granfield who joins us
now from Singapore. And Mark, what do
you think is the biggest catalyst today
that that those easing trade tensions or
what we're getting on the US earnings
fronts? Of course, it can be both as
well.
>> Yeah, all of the above. I I would
suggest even even the prospect of a of
an all female team at the top of
Japanese politics seems to be very well
received by the Japanese equity market.
You can see they're running into another
very strong day today after a good one
yesterday. So this potential combination
of Takichi and Katyama looks as though
it's really captured the imagination of
the Japanese investors and and foreign
investors as well who've been piling
money into Japan this month. The way
they're going, it will be the best month
of the year for inflows from from
foreign investors into Japan. Now
Katyama was involved in re restructuring
uh projects in the rest of Japan
previously. So her combination with
Takichi could be very positive in terms
of getting distribution of fiscal
stimulus to the right parts of Japan
which has sometimes been a problem under
previous administration. So that is very
good and at the same time you're getting
the spill over from all these Apple
suppliers which is helping to boost
Korea, Taiwan, all the regional markets
which makes life very interesting from
the point of view of some of the the
longerterm threads that we've had such
as gold and gold could start to get a
lot more volatile now as we see this
running towards the end of the year
where equities may be in such a strong
position globally that people can start
to reconsider whether they really need
as much gold as they have been recently.
>> Yeah, I mean that that sell off on
Friday was certainly a wakeup call I
think for a lot of the gold traders and
and people out there. But it's
interesting, right? It used to be gold
having this negative correlation with
with risk assets stocks in particular.
It seems like that all has been vanished
in the last few months or so. Mark, you
know, does that make it gold a bit more
vulnerable if in fact we see signs of
liquidity tightening?
Yeah, extremely vulnerable because of
the positioning which has built up in
the past few months. So we we got into a
situation where in the minds of some
investors, it's almost become a one-way
trade. A little bit in parallel with the
AI theme, people every time there was
anything to do with AI, people just
jumped on to the latest narrative and
they would buy equities related to that.
Well, something similar has been going
on with gold with just more and more
people piling in. central banks started
it and now it's been spreading to other
investors, institutional and retail
investors as well. Bloomberg has plenty
of stories with cues forming at gold
shops all over Asia, whether it's in
Australia, in Vietnam, in India. People
literally want to buy as much gold as
they can. And that's usually the story
you get when you're near the top of a
market, not at the bottom of the market.
So clearly the the whole idea that
everybody should have some gold in their
portfolio probably is coming near the
end of it and we're likely to get very
volatile from here simply because
positioning is is so big it's heavily
skewed towards long positions in gold.
All it will need is people thinking well
if gold has done too much we can start
to switch some of our money into other
assets whether it's equities or bonds or
other currencies. So, we're likely to
see much bigger intraday swings and
people becoming a little bit more edgy
at these kind of levels. And the kind of
sell-off that we saw on Friday, we'll
probably have to get used to it because
we we're going to see more days like
that as we get closer, particularly
towards the next FOMC decision, which
looks as though it's going to be a rate
cut. But whether that's marks the end of
the cycle or the continuation, gold
investors will be very concerned about
that.
Mark, the other the other theme we're
tracking today is Australia and the US
signing this deal for for rarer supplies
and you can see that immediate market
impact in in some of the Sydney listed
rarer stocks. But is there a broader
implication here that investors need to
digest as well? And I'm thinking more
about how the US is reducing its
reliance on on China too.
>> Certainly that that will be taken at one
level. um the fact that Australia has
signed this deal obviously very positive
for the Australian dollar as well.
But when you think of it in in relative
terms to the amount of rare earths that
China can supply to the global economy,
it will take a very long time before
Australia is able to match the kind of
output that that China can. So it's
really it's a very positive step, but
it's something that will happen over a
long period of time. It's not going to
have an enormous short-term boost to
markets, but certainly if if the US can
find other people like Australia to step
in and take up some of the slack from
China, that would be very significant.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Cranfield, there
live strategist joining us with the
latest on what's moving markets here
today. will be live from Tokyo next as
we focus on Japan and Sai Takayichi
looks to be on track to become Japan's
first female prime minister after
coalition talks bear fruit will also be
getting market analysis from Wells Fargo
next this is Bloomberg
[Music]
Japan tonight is poised to become the
nation's first female prime minister
after a parliamentary vote later on
today. Local media reports are coming in
now telegraphing the potential
composition of the incoming cabinet.
Let's bring in our Bloomberg economics
and government reporter Yoshiaki Nohara.
Yoshi, uh, give us an update. What we're
hearing so far, what this cabinet might
end up looking like.
>> Right. So as you mentioned that we are
expected to happen first the female
prime minister you know officially
decided by parliament today and one key
position that is expected to be filled
is the um the um uh the finance ministry
position and um we're hearing that that
from local media reports the satsuki
katayama is expected to fill that
position. she's going to be the first
female uh person to hold that powerful
position and that is going to be a
really you know closely watch the
position and we but we don't know yet
what specific policy agendas she's
likely to accept at this point.
>> So then we don't know the policies but
we do know there are some urgent issues
of course that are facing Takiuchi. What
are they exactly?
>> Well number one priority for her is the
inflation. She's bowed. They pledged to
do everything she can to ease the pain
of inflation on the people. But here's
what's interesting that she's also, you
know, in a support of slow, you know, at
least a slow approach to the Bank of
Japan's normalization policy. the um so
that is you know expected to put some
strains on the fiscal spending side
because she has to do more to uh in
terms of economic stimulus to ease the
pain rather than counting on the higher
interest rates by the central bank.
>> Yeah. And so in terms of what's next
what can we look out for?
Well, what's next is the mix of you know
who continuation of names being voting
in the media reports and also you know
which the other you know cap key cabinet
positions will be filled uh by whom but
also you have to look beyond this week
that next week is a full of diplomacy
events that President Trump is expected
to visit Japan and that was going to be
the first meeting in person with Tak
between Taki and Trump and Tak is
expected to make a good impression to
the president because everybody knows
that the first meeting is kind of going
to set the tone and it's going to be
important to have a positive chemistry
going forward if Japan wants to secure
you know uh close ties you know over
security and trade tensions
and many other uh fronts.
>> Yoshi thanks for joining us this
morning. That was our Bloomberg
economics and government reporter
Yoshiaki Nahara there. And let's bring
in Chidu Naranan, head of APAC macro
strategy at Wells Fargo. So Chidu,
thanks very much for joining us in
studio and it's great to have you here
from Singapore. But let's talk about the
direction of the yen because of course
we we initially saw quite a big reaction
in it on the expectations you'd see the
BOG BOJ easing rather. But but where do
you think we go from here in the nearer
term because we still have a lot of
things that aren't settled yet?
>> That's absolutely right. Um um first
things first, we've got some clarity on
the on the near term of the government.
Uh we could possibly be seeing Takisan
be nominated as the prime minister take
take over as well. Um that has some some
of the concerns on for markets which led
to the bit of a yen rally. But near-term
we do think that there is still
political uncertainty. We don't um it's
still a minority government. We still
don't know what the policies are going
to be like like you just discussed and
um it in all all factors point towards
potential fiscal stimulus which
depending on the composition might be
good for growth but it will still
definitely weigh on the JGBs which will
then weigh on the yen as well.
>> She she's known to be almost like a
protege of of AB. Does it does it feel
like this we we could get back to that
sort of era once again in Japanese
markets?
>> I that's that's been a question that
we've got a lot over the last well two
weeks um at least. um a few differences.
She is definitely cut from the same
cloth but the background is very
different. Uh when Abbeby took over
first, Dolly was trading much lower than
where it is right now. So the impetus
was for the the the three-pillar
approach, the three arrows of of Abbe
which also included um dollar yen
substantially higher
>> and you also had Kurodasan as the BJ
governor who was in line with that sort
of thinking. Right now you have much
more pressure on GGBs. you don't have
the same amount of fiscal uh space. Um
and the yen's trading well north of 100
which is where you used to be. So um I
think near-term probably a little bit
less um less of a wiggle room. That
being said, I still think that we could
see a lot more fiscal easing coming from
Japan. If you look at the upper house
elections, that was the uh the
cornerstone of all of the opposition.
That has been a key cornerstone for
Takai son as well. Possibly why she won
the LDP leadership. um a change from
what they've been doing recently and
near-term that should be supportive for
um for what medium-term supportive for
growth near-term weighing on the JGBs
and the yen.
>> What about though the the flip side of
this which is also the global story and
the haven demand that we've seen for the
yen as well.
>> I think that's very important. Um
probably that's what's keeping dollar
yen at 150 151. And um we expected
dollar yen to be rangebound between 152
to 155 risks more skewed to the top side
purely from um the Japanese political um
evolution. Um you've had you've seen
this um the the last week being a bit
more of a classic riskoff scenario which
we've not seen in a in a in a little
while. Um so it's it's sort of
heartening to see that come back as
well. Um we think that that should keep
the yen supported on the margin. That
combined with the fact that uh if you
look at positioning as well um you look
at um uh fast money positioning uh H1
investor positioning they are already
short yen mostly because it's a it's a
it's a positive carry trade and also
because you can't keep waiting for the
yen to be appreciating. So when that
happens they might turn around but given
the fairly extended short yen
positioning um there might be limited
yen downside i.e. limited dollar yen
topside.
>> Yeah. Um you mentioned about the JGB the
yield curve continues to flatten and and
you're not seeing that much interest
when it comes to the long end of this
curve and there's a lot of anticipation
of the BOJ whether they're going to hike
this year as well. I mean can we expect
at least this kind of widowmaker trade
to continue that you know short GGBs is
that going to be a still lucrative sort
of strategy moving forward?
>> We are on that uh on on on that boat. Um
we are bearish generally duration across
the across the world uh in the US in the
UK in Japan all of all places all
geographies do have significant fiscal
stresses uh very limited fiscal space
and this year the theme that we've seen
is
>> countries in general are very
comfortable to increase um fiscal
expansion that was a theme right after
co the comfort with running much larger
fiscal deficits has increased over the
last four five years Especially so this
year particularly countries which have
had much smaller defense budgets and the
focus has been on increasing defense
budgets. Now that's not going to be
coming at the expense of something else.
So you're going to have increased fiscal
spending and an increased defense budget
which will put um pressure on the long
end of the curve. So we do think that um
the 30 year 40ear part of the curve in
Japan um across the world will be under
pressure um yields to the top side.
>> Yeah. And you see that pressure being
very acute in the US as well. So what
does that mean around general demand
that you see for the dollar and that
that ddollarization theme as well that's
been very closely watched this year?
>> That's that's fair. Um I think so I we
started getting these questions maybe 10
years back 2016 2017 and I think from Q2
towards the most part of Q2 that was the
most common question that I that I
received from uh from clients. Um to
unpack that a little bit, has there been
a bit of diversification away from
dollar assets? Absolutely. But that's
coming from a background of 10 years of
building up significant dollar
positions. Um dollar assets have been
significantly outperforming everybody
else driven by the theme of US
exceptionalism, significant rate
differentials and so on. So there's a
bit of diversification. Is that um
complete run away from dollar assets?
Not really. dollar debt market, dollar
equity market still by far the most
liquid markets uh in the world. So there
will be a definite position for in in
portfolios for dollar assets. That being
said, we do see uh dollar generally
being weaker not because of re uh
deallocation from dollars but because of
political uncertainty, policy
uncertainty, all of that increasing the
dollar risk premier weighing on the
dollar but marginally not not a collapse
of the dollar definitely. especially
given it seems like the weakness has
stalled a bit after that 10% decline in
the dollar uh in the first half. um in
terms of how we can trade the dollar
then moving forward in the near term you
know how do how do you continue to fade
I I guess dollar weakness right or
dollar strength is it still through G10
do I look at em what's the best way
>> in the near term we are um we are a
little bit uh bullish on the dollar
maybe not a dramatic ramp up in dollars
but um dollar strength continuing we
would like to do that more against risk
um uh political risk expression so
Japanese yen euro particularly the
sterling
And um we would avoid currencies like
the Aussie, which we think um is is
already quite cheap. It's already well
positioned against the dollar. We would
fade Aussie strength against maybe the
likes of the yen, um against the likes
of the the kiwi. Um dollar CN is not a
trade that we would like to use uh
dollar strength uh to to to express
dollar strength. We think dollar CN will
continue to remain around current
levels, probably edge down a little
lower, aided by the PBC. M
>> yeah on that then so 710 of course is
the line we've sort of seen in terms of
the fix so is that where we trend again
into the year end yes our our forecast
is for dollar CN to head to 710 by the
end of the year early7s 705 707 sort of
levels in early 2026
aided by the PBC fix we think the PB fix
um has been edging lower and typically
the PBC fixing error has a high
correlation to the strength of the
dollar
>> that has broken down a couple of times
this year when the dollar has been
weaker the fixing error has still been
strong and if you look at when that
happened that was during periods of
elevated US China tensions we seeing
that again which then means that we
believe policy makers do not want to
focus to the focus to be detracted on
the effects away from the the political
issues away from the negotiations so
keep CNY strong keep the fixing error
high and keep dollar CNY fixing low
>> j thank you so much for joining Yes, Cho
Naran and then their head of macro
strategy at for APEC at Wells Fargo. Uh
we're checking Vietnam markets now just
opening up in the last few minutes or so
um after what was that 5% drop
yesterday. Looks like we're seeing a
little bit of a recovery there.
Obviously concerns about corporate bond
issuance and the like really did weigh
on risk sentiment yesterday here, but
today looking a little bit better.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
>> Yeah.
In some corporate news this morning,
major Japanese retailers including Muji
owner Rioin Kakaku suspended their
e-commerce sites after a cyber attack on
a key supplier. The disruption stem from
a ransomware attack on Sunday that
crippled the systems of office supply
seller Asco. It shares fell 5% on
Monday. It's the second such incident to
unsettle Jet Van's consumer market in
less than a month. Amazon Web Services,
the world's largest cloud provider, says
operations are back to normal after a
widespread outage that hit a broad
spectrum of customers for around 15
hours. The episode disrupted hundreds of
websites and apps, including the likes
of Venmo, Robin Hood, and Apple TV. The
outage was caused by a database network
issue and highlights how much of the
internet is dependent on the operations
of one single company. And Apple shares
hit their first record this year after
Loop Capital upgraded the stock to buy
from hold, setting positive iPhone
demand trends. Shares rose around 4%,
surpassing an all-time high that had
stood since December. And the recent
strength comes amid signs a long- aaited
iPhone upgrade cycle may be underway.
Yeah, and that's really the big story I
think for markets as well in Asia today
because we're seeing a lot of those
Apple suppliers moving high. I mean,
yeah, this is the iPhone 17 and and it
does seem like in terms of the data
that's being released so far, this is
from Counterpoint, of course, not not
from us, but but it is uh looking at the
first 10 days of sales for for the US
and China, you compare that back to what
the iPhone 16 saw, and you're looking at
14% 14% better sales for the iPhone 17
so far.
>> Yeah. So certainly you're seeing a bit
of a catch-up I guess when it comes to
Apple. The suppliers actually have sort
of rallied even just ahead of that
really what we've been hearing so far
the chatter about iPhone 17 sales as
well. So we've been waiting for this
upgrade cycle for some time now. Uh but
there is a lot of questions right 32
times earnings that's above the 10-year
average. It's actually one of the most
expensive members of the Mac 7 here
right now. So does this sort of iPhone
optimism justify this sort of valuation?
I think there's still a bit of a debate
around that bill. Yeah, and actually
Apple's a lot less loved than the other
mega caps, save for Tesla, but but a lot
of the analysts tracked still. I mean,
you got 60% holding a buy rating, but
but still in terms of ones that have got
a hold or a sell, that's the lowest that
you see bar from Tesla, but yeah, iPhone
17. I mean, are you are you someone that
refreshes every year?
>> No, I'm still like 14 Pro Max.
>> I think so. Okay. Well, okay. I'm on the
base model of the 14. So, that I think
that tells you all you need to Maybe
we're due for an upgrade, though.
>> I'm holding out for next year when they
refresh the entire lineup. But anyway,
we'll leave that there for for Apple in
terms of the market check today as well.
So, yes, you've got the tech theme that
plays into it, but also there's been
some more optimism around uh signs of
maybe that, you know, US China tensions
could be easing somewhat. Stocks to
watch as well. BHP is moving to the
upside here, some 2.5%. Uh the story
here is that they've boosted output of
copper in the first quarter and and
production is essentially rising due to
a ramp up of of one of their projects in
Chile. That is BHP. Let's also take a
look at Mandarin Oriental today because
this is is down to I mean it's the
biggest jump we've seen for the company
in 35 years, but there's been a deal
with with Jardine Mat Holdings.
>> Yeah. So they are looking to buy the
remaining close to 12% of the hotel the
company doesn't already own. So there
you go. A record high for the stock here
right now. Uh and we're tracking Bitcoin
as well, right? Just given that we are
seeing this everything rally. Well,
right now it seems like Bitcoin is going
and bucking that trend here. We're
dropping below the 110,000
level for the cryptocurrency here right
now. Yeah, absolutely. It's it's been
one of the best performing risk assets
this year, but 110,000 has been one of
the key lines that we've been tracking.
So, below that right now, but we'll have
plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are going to that lunch break and it
looks to be a good sort of day here for
Japanese assets. We're up another one
and a half% that Takiichi trade
certainly uh going for another day here
and as we start to hear the LDP and the
Asian uh ink some sort of coalition deal
uh to set up her uh as the next PM. So
certainly that's going to be the one
thing to watch and really what her
cabinet looks like uh when it comes to
the finance minister and the like. So
we're going to get a little bit more
details, but local media are reporting
uh some indications of what it could
look like as well. But yes, there you
go. Dollar yen sees some weakness there.
We're at 151 levels this morning, Bill.
>> Yeah, and also just taking a look across
the the the broader markets today
because it's it's pretty much risk
across the board. We did have a strong
session on Wall Street overnight. So you
had a few different themes playing into
this. signs of of easing trade tensions
for instance between the US and China or
at least investors interpreting or
clinging to any signs of easing
tensions. US corporate earnings as well
continuing to be robust plus Apple
hitting a fresh record. So you can see
the tech sector there uh one of the
standouts but but lots of gains really
across the board today. US dollar as
well I mean that's fairly steady right
now but uh something of course any
dollar weakness we get can be supportive
for Asian equities. Yeah, and you know
when it comes to China, right, you know,
all that buzz and and hype was around
the whole AI trade and the like, but
really recently we started to see a bit
of rotation, right? In fact, when you
have trade tensions, it's really kind of
fueling a lot of uncertainty out there.
Investors are tilting more now to more
the de dividend plays once again in
China. In fact, the CSI 300 dividend
index last week really posted the
strongest outperformance against the
onshore benchmark in nearly four years.
For more, let's bring in Winnie Shu, our
Asia Equities reporter. she joins us
now. Tell us what's really driving this
sort of dividend trade once again.
>> Yeah, it's quite an interesting shift,
right? We had this very strong tech
rally earlier the year and then now
investors are looking to pivot their
money away from tech stocks and more
into these defensive plays. And yes,
it's being driven by this overall kind
of riskoff sentiment when it comes to
ongoing US China tensions, but also
timing wise, it's quite interesting. We
talked about like taking profit off that
tech share rally but also um with the
fourth platinum right now we are
expecting maybe potentially some fresh
stimulus but probably not as much and
also with these meetings coming up
between US and China whether it's in
Malaysia or um at the Apac summit in
South Korea. So it's kind of really um
lots of volatility and risk ahead um
lots of uncertainty and hence we're
seeing that move in Chinese stocks
recently. From an analyst perspective,
it's interesting because we had Winnie
Woo on before from from BOVA talking
about how they're they're they're saying
stay risk on into your end. It's not the
same call though we're getting from
others.
>> Yeah, exactly. I actually find that very
interesting because when we actually
talked or or heard from Morgan Stanley
for example, they were saying that they
do not recommend um buying a dip right
now for Chinese stocks and that they
also prefer Asia As a Asares over H
shares if this um US China tension is
likely going to extend into November.
And similarly yesterday we saw that note
from Nomura also recommending that um
the that that that we still not chase
this risk-on rally because they expect
the US China tensions to continue to be
that overhang for Chinese stocks in the
near term and that they also suggest
that um buying into defensive stocks for
now uh if we are going to see a bit more
escalation uh for US China tensions.
>> All right, that's the big question.
That's one issue there. Bloomberg Asia
equities reporter and of course sticking
on trade tensions as we look ahead to
next week's likely meeting between
President Trump and his Chinese
counterpart Xi Jinping. The US leader is
expressing optimism for a potential
trade deal with Beijing.
>> I expect we'll probably work out a very
fair deal with uh President Xi of China.
So uh most of you will be with us. It's
going to be very exciting and I think
we're going to work out something that's
good for both countries. Let's
bring in our Bloomberg opinion columnist
Karishma Vashwani thinking she thinks
that Beijing's trade war tactics are a
way to test what Washington values most
in these negotiations. Karishma joins us
now. Kishma, it's good to see you. You
know, tell us what's the message Beijing
is trying to send here.
>> Yeah, Ivon, I think the message was
pretty clear. It's basically China
saying to the United States that we
aren't afraid to play hard ball uh as a
result of the trade negotiations that
they're in. Now, you'll remember, of
course, after the Madrid talks, there
was a sense of a reproshet.
It's simply a pause before further
hostilities. And that's basically what
we've seen in the last week, right? I
mean, we've seen these restrictions that
China has uh said it's going to impose
on rare earths, a huge and critical
aspect of the semiconductor supply
chain. The United States getting very
upset with that, threatening further
tariffs, and now a climb down in some
respects from President Trump ahead of
that key meeting, the uh meeting between
him and Cinping that he is very
obviously keen to have. And I think
that's something that the Chinese
understand implicitly. They feel that in
some respects they are holding some of
the cards in this negotiation and
they're not afraid to use it. We've
heard from the Chinese foreign ministry
saying that they don't want a trade war,
but they're not afraid of one either.
And I think that's the main message and
signal that is being sent by Beijing to
the United States ahead of this key
meeting.
taking such a hard ball approach can be
can be risky. What what's the odds here
that we see it backfiring, do you think?
>> Well, you know, it's uh hit and miss. Uh
Annabelle, I think would be fair to say
the relationship between these two is so
volatile, right? But the trajectory is
pretty clear. You have on the one hand
the United States uh saying that it's
not going to capitulate. On the other
hand, you have China saying that look,
we're an equal partner in these
negotiations. And I think consistently
what I hear from uh folks in Beijing is
it's about that sense of agency and the
sense of equality that two of these
massive superpowers coming together
having these sorts of discussions. It
needs to be on a on a sort of even keel
and have um you know sort of fair play
on both sides. and the risk of playing
hard ball in this way definitely had uh
the possibility of backfiring. But as
we've heard from President Trump, that's
not been the case despite all the angry
rhetoric. You know, we heard from Scott
Bessant as well uh in the leadup to
these trips that President Trump is
making to the region. And ultimately, I
think the test will be if we see this
meeting taking place between Cinping and
President Trump. And my my sense is it
will definitely go ahead. And he's
already talked about the kinds of things
that will be on the table. And one of
the key red lines for China, which is
Taiwan, is something that President
Trump has brought up as the possibility
of what will be on the negotiating table
when and if they meet next week.
>> Yeah, we heard that in that interview
overnight. Um, you know, it seems like
you think this way. Beijing is stress
testing Washington's resolve not just on
trade but also on Taiwan. You know, is
Taiwan a vital American interest that
that needs to be defended or or do you
think this is all just kind of
bargaining chips right now?
>> That's an excellent way to frame it,
Ivonne. And I think that it's the latter
because what uh Cinping is looking to do
I think is to get a sense of what the
United States might do if it really came
sort of you know push came to shove
right you know he's not made any um he's
made it very abundantly clear I should
say that Taiwan is a red line for China
that it is a part of China that it sees
as its own territory despite being the
self-governed democratically run island
and that at some point in the future the
plan is to unify with it either through
peaceful means or by force. This is not
something that China has hidden. And
it's something that the United States uh
has been also skirting around not just
in this administration but in previous
administrations. And it isn't entirely
clear what Donald Trump would do when it
comes to defending Taiwan. And it'll be
interesting to see exactly what kind of
conversation the two sides have about
Taiwan. I imagine uh the government in
Taipei very nervous and apprehensive
about that uh meeting if and again when
it does happen but I think this is
China's way of trying to figure out look
if we push you on rare earths if we push
you on all these various aspects of the
trade war how might you respond when it
comes to something we really care about
and it's all about ratcheting up the
tension ahead of the negotiation and to
be fair you know China thinks not in
election cycles, it thinks in decades as
we've seen, you know, just as a result
of the key meetings that are happening
this week at the plenum and it has time
on its side and yes, the economy is in a
painful position and uh it certainly has
seen the impact from the trade war but
politically it can withstand a lot of
this economic pain and I think that's
what sin ping and the communist party is
betting on.
That was our Bloomberg opinion columnist
Karishma Vashwani there in Singapore and
you can read Karishma's full piece on
China testing US resolve on tariffs on
the terminal. It's also available on
bloomberg.com. We also have some
breaking news crossing the terminal in
the last few minutes. The cacao founder,
this is Brian Kim, has been acquitted in
a stock manipulation trial over in Soul.
So this was regarded really as a
watershed case for China's or South
Korea's rather internet industry. But uh
Brian Kim, he he had been battling
charges that he tried to manipulate one
of the country's biggest media sector
deals. That was the acquisition of K-pop
studio SM Entertainment back in 2023.
And Kim was allegedly involved with an
attempt to buy and push the SM stock
above a rival offer of 120,0001. Uh that
came from the BTS agency Hib. But just
to reiterate, the Cacao founder Brian
Kim has been acquitted in that stock
manipulation case and you're seeing
Cacao Corp uh they're extending gains
off the back. So, we'll have more
details on that ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Taking a look at what's happening with
the HS HS Tech intraday rather Hangen
tech index. Of course, we're seeing very
solid gains. It's been really
interesting because this morning we've
been discussing about that rotation we
were seeing into the dividend stocks. It
seems like maybe with these easing China
to US trade tensions, there's that
reason to to go back into tech stocks as
well. Not least, of course, you've got
the Apple story and you've seen strong
sales. AI theme continues to be intact.
We've got solid corporate earnings as
well across US. Uh but we are seeing I
mean pretty much every single member of
the Hangen Tech gauge in the green
today.
>> Yeah. And we're seeing another 3% gains
for AS tech that we saw similar gains
already yesterday. So that continues on
this AI tech trade. Uh you take a look
how the tech trade filters through to
the likes of South Korea and you see
another record run when it comes to the
Cosby here, right? So uh we are now
rising for a fifth day. So another
record high uh for the Cosby here today.
We had pretty strong trade data that
came out for the first 20 days of the
year of the month I should say. Uh
there's also this whole dividend tax
hope as well. There's a lot of optimism
about lower dividend related tax rates
as well. So, uh we're already talking
about uh the explosive growth that we've
seen 62% so far this year for the Cosby
and we got to talk about what's been
going on the retail side of things,
right? Because retail investors have
certainly been a key driver in a lot of
the gains that we're seeing uh in this
market and you see the likes of, you
know, SKH Highex, Samsung electronics,
HD Hyundai heavier among some of the
biggest boosts to the gauge overall. Um,
so all-time highs when it comes to
Korea. And we got to talk about these
ants, right? That's what they call them,
ants, the retail investors, uh, in South
Korea. They're really driving this sort
of record shift uh, into funds, into
investment accounts with a growing
appetite for returns and risk. But such
risk-taking activity is straining the
financial system and threatening broader
economic stability as well. Let's bring
in Sami Char, Asia equities reporter.
She's with us right now to tell us a
little about these dynamics in this
market. Right. What do you think changed
among retail investors and and how much
bolder are they really getting now?
>> Yeah, Ivon, the risk-taking activity of
South Koreans is really not new. I mean,
the Netflix series Squid Game tells us
all about that. But it it's just what's
new is that it's become a lot more
serious. It's exacerbating a little
more. And all of this, we can see that
in the data. We see the margin loans
tripling uh over the past five years. We
see record number nearing towards
opening of these investment accounts as
Cosby is running towards that bull. And
we see a lot of people just piling into
these leveraged and inverse ETFs. We're
we're talking about triple or just three
times the gains that they're looking for
here. And all of this is quite
different. A stark contrast to what
we're seeing in outer outside the world.
Um and we are seeing this because
especially because there has been this
cap a hard cap on mortgage loan um from
the government and that is making it
even more difficult for Koreans to
purchase homes in Soul in Korea overall
and this is just making them go and
pursue some of the other ways of
high-risk and high yield investment
themes and this is creating other
problems as well.
Yeah, let's talk through those problems
because I think exactly it's what's
driving the retailers investors risky
taking behavior is that desperate desire
to get into the property market. But but
what are the ramifications of that?
>> You're exactly right. So we've talked to
these individuals, the actual risktakers
who we interviewed and we've talked to
the psychologists and academics. It all
just comes down to one purpose. Amassing
enough wealth to purchase a home in
Korea. And the best if you do it in
glitzy Gangnam district where you can
see the you oversee you know the Han
River view there. But again this means
that the skyigh uh competition and this
market housing market is becoming a bit
of that competit competition and just
like a strain on the individuals. It's a
psychology matter but at the same time
this is putting a strain on the
financial stability right because if the
b bubble bursts then this would lead to
credit issues for the individuals and
ultimately it will have an effect on the
national economy. So there are a lot of
these corners of risky investments that
we're seeing and the regulators are
growing uh concerned about this. Just
recently we were able to see the wipeout
in crypto and this is a sector that we
can actually see some of those moves.
Koreans have this preference in altcoins
or the so-called small cap smaller
cryptocurrencies and actually the
altcoin trading is accounts for 80% of
the Korean um crypto exchanges. That's a
stark contrast to other parts of the
world where ether and bitcoin accounts
for more than 50%. So you can see in a
bull market it could have a good upside.
Maybe someone could have bought an
apartment. But in a bare market it would
also have the same effect.
That was our Bloomberg Asia equities
reporter Sang Cha there in Singapore
talking about this story around ants
over in Soul. But also uh an alert for
you this morning. We have higher that's
said to be weighing an IPO of its IoT or
internet of things unit. That's
Cosmoplat. uh more IPO news and and
looking at raising about $500 million
from that listing if it were to take
place. So what we're hearing is that
high is working with CIC also HSBC on a
potential share sale and what we're
hearing again from sources is that it
could take place next year but of course
those considerations are ongoing and
details about the size and the timing
could change as well but we'll get more
details on that ahead. Uh also looking
at what's happening with AWS. Yeah,
certainly there's been a lot of talk
here this morning. The world's largest
cloud provider saying the operations are
back to normal here after we saw the
disruptions here, right? This widespread
outage that hit a broad spectrum of
customers for around 15 hours. The
outage also highlighted the importance
of managing cyber security including
customer identification. That's
according to user management software
company Octa whose CEO Todd McKinnon
spoke to us earlier on.
I think about the world as layered into
different critical services. A cloud
infrastructure is one critical service
and as the leading independent neutral
identity company, we're building this
identity service for the entire world.
Whether that's enterprises, whether
that's consumers, whether that's people
building AI agents, we want to be that
identity infrastructure. It's important
for cyber security, it's important for
business continuity, and it has to be
reliable.
>> So, how do you make sure that it's
reliable then? a lot of redundancy and a
lot of focus and a lot of making sure we
do exactly what customers expect whether
it's backups, redundancy and uh
monitoring it continuously. It's very
important for us.
>> Now you are growing very very
substantially. What you have 800 people
in San Francisco and how many thousand
around the world?
>> 6,000 global employees doing a great job
for our customers every day.
>> Well, love to hear it and how I hope
they are. How fast are you adding
customers and and what's your pitch
versus another security identity
security company? Yeah, it's it's
interesting perspective we have and
there's different perspectives on some
vendors want to sell you everything
across the entire application and
platform stack. Some vendors want to
sell you everything across cyber
security. We focus on identity and we
focus on verify verifying who the people
are in your company, who the people are
coming to your website as customers or
prospects. And now really with AI
agents, we make sure that that identity
service is is continuous across
everything you're trying to automate in
your business with AI too. And that's
our focus. And we beyond that, we focus
on connecting to everything else in the
technology stack and letting our
customers choose what they want to use.
>> What is the scale of AI agents octa
expects in the next 12 months.
>> It's starting out very strong, but it's
going to be growing significantly. When
you think about what companies can
automate with these AI agents, how they
can improve their uh topline revenue,
how they can cut costs, how they can be
more efficient, how they can serve their
customers better. It's it's got
tremendous potential.
>> What about your exposure to chat GPT
user growth? You know, how much of that
do you have and and how is it changing
how you do business?
>> Well, I I think chat GPT is a is the
perfect example of how much can be
automated with AI. And when every
company looks at that, they think, hey,
we can make our customer experience
better with adding chat GPT like
capabilities. We can make our employees
more productive. So it's really driving
them to deploy more AI technology and
that means more identity is required.
Those connections have to be secure.
Those connections have to be reliable.
So it's really a exciting time for the
industry.
>> That was the Octa CEO Tom McKinnon there
speaking with her colleague Bonnie
Quinn. We got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, back to our scoop here this
morning that we just broke. Bloomberg
has learned that appliance maker Higher
Smartome is considering an IPO of its
Internet of Things unit, Cosmopolit.
Let's bring in Bloomberg's Manuel
Belgori, who leads our Asia-Pacific
deals coverage. Uh so what do we know at
this point and why do we why do we think
higher is doing this?
>> Uh Ivonne uh another IPO in Hong Kong
just like enough of it
>> keeping us so busy. Uh equity capital
market transactions just booming here in
the city. Uh
>> listen hire um what a group who doesn't
own a an appliance by by hire right just
like they do everything uh everywhere.
So um here we go with the internet of
things uh this catchy phrase uh that
touches on on various things and across
industries really how to connect uh all
the different things that we have in the
house uh via internet right uh and
control it uh in in your iPad or in your
phone. So u they've got this business
which they've been creating and and
building over the years and um it's a
good way for the group to uh maximize
and put value on this business that was
hidden somewhere in the group. I mean
hire touches on so many things. It's a
big conglomerate. Uh the shares of the
group uh haven't been performing that
well this year. So it's perhaps a way
for the group to uh raise some cash and
put um you know uh some dollar amount
into into this uh company
>> and what do we know in terms of of the
size of it and then who's underwriting
it. What what have we learned on those
that front?
>> Annabelle, so it's very early stage. Uh
it's looking more likely of a 2026 IPO
uh to take place here in Hong Kong.
They've appointed two sponsors CIC and
HSBC. uh they may add other banks and
seeing any IPO uh but still a little bit
early stage. Size-wise, roughly
speaking, we're looking around $500
million, but I think timing, size, and
other details are subject to change as
the deal proceeds.
>> Manuel, great to have you and and
another great scoop as well from your
team. As you said, a very very busy year
for listings in Hong Kong. That was
Bloomberg's Manuel Bori there, who leads
our Asia-Pacific deals coverage. And a
quick market check here to break. Uh
taking a look at the hang performing so
far. We're about nearly 90 minutes into
trade and and really seeing some strong
gains being led by the tech sector in
particular. We're talking before the
Hangen tech gauge nearly 3% to the
upside. Also keeping a watch there on
the offshore Chinese yuan after we had
the fixing as well onshore but back down
around that 710 level.
>> Yeah. So it is hitting records here when
you take a look at Asia Pacific as well.
That gauge also seeing record highs
here. Really helped the likes of Japan,
Taiwan, Korea. Hong Kong certainly is
help lifting its weight here this
morning as well. That's it for us here
on the China Show. See you tomorrow.
[Music]